freedom is probably the most important
thing in life
okay slimes home call it out like a
family
welcome to ko Chow first off this is my
favorite island in all of Thailand
so I'm quite happy to be here ko Tao the
island of turtles it is by far my
definition of paradise and that the
scuba diving is some of some of the best
in the world best in Thailand easy it's
all Patti or SSI which are the two
biggest scuba diving training courses
and it's also the cheapest place to do
in the world so we had a huge amount of
interest in that I think about 17 people
ended up going and I was one of them so
the scuba divers spent almost every day
in the class the first day in the pool
the following day whereas the people
that didn't go diving spent lots of days
on the beach chilling out
cliff jumping
carriages all
I've always loved the water and they say
that it's the furthest out of this world
you can get without actually leaving the
world
the feeling of being able to breathe
underwater is so unnatural Zordon many
like this is unbelievable it's such a
unique experience being under there and
you feel weight lesson you got schools
of fish like circling your head for me
and for the group like we had the most
incredible time scoot I we had really
cool instructors
Co Tao has a pub crawl run by choppers
run by a bunch of English blokes they're
beauties lots of fun great way to meet
people and by that I mean it's like a
great way to meet people like these pub
crawls are like 150 people they max out
at like it was full of beautiful girls
anyway so one of the stops the pub crawl
makes is at the the Queen's cabaret this
is basically like move on Rouge for lady
boys I get burlesque for lady boys and
kids it's a beautiful place it has a
special place in my heart and I feel AG
woman
the shows great it's unreal they do
Gangnam style they do single ladies and
at the end of their whole parade they do
an extra show so I'm sitting on the
floor watching this thing and I don't
know if there was some bot exchanged or
something because I don't think it was a
totally random pic but the last lady boy
comes over grabs me pulls me up on stage
sits me down on this velvet couch and
starts giving me a lap dance so after
the lap dance is over and everybody's
been laughing at me
she takes me into the back and she's
like take your pants off I'm like excuse
me she's like take your pants off
anyways and then this other lady boy
comes over and she's got like a bikini
top but she's like here and I'm like
okay I see where this is going on the
next performer and I can see my fourth
and only Gaja he did that she put me
right before the show I guess they found
some other volunteers so okk sauntered
and you could wear short short back sirs
we're a nice tight little like g-string
like mine in this pink
everybody starts doing Gangnam style
dance and I'm just like just grinding my
hips and like shaking my ass and oak and
I word started a little dance together
and yeah it was um embarrass set us on
film this isn't going on YouTube is it
last day in koh tao half of the group
went and just chilled out and went up to
the viewpoint which was absolutely
stunning but the other half of the group
went fishing right off the bat kirkland
one of the travelers like she's like I
got I got a fishing line where I like oh
my god she's got a fish on the line
we're all freaking out this is literally
within like two minutes and putting our
our lines in yeah Kirkland the other
boat did exceptionally well our boat was
struggling a little bit
Ethan catches this fish and he's like I
got what I got wouldn't we all just get
over like reel that thing in the line
don't worry about and brings in this
light fish like this you need to learn
from this experience okay we're gonna
let you back do you understand me fish
don't take the bait unless you want to
be back in a lot ago
just met you yesterday but 69 down this
waterfall
you
me